Add hint to pretty URLs: edit config htaccess.ignorefrontcontroller if htaccess SetEnv does not work (#13126)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/installation/source_installation.rst

After each update, these changes are automatically applied to the ``.htaccess``-file.

.. note:: In case the automatically added ``.htaccess`` configuration `SetEnv front_controller_active true` does not work for your environment:
   Edit ``config/config.php`` and add ``'htaccess.IgnoreFrontController' => true``.

>    See :ref:`Configuration Parameters: htaccess.IgnoreFrontController<config-php-sample-htaccess-ignorefrontcontroller>` for a detailed description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See :doc:`../configuration_server/config_sample_php_parameters` for a detailed description.
```

That will work, but not directly jump to the right item. Should be good enough for now.
